## Assignment 15: String Operations 1

Starter file: [index.js](./index.js)

## Problem 1

Complete the `multipleSubstring(str, substr)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed two strings `str` and `substr`, and returns a boolean value based on the following condition. The function returns `true` if the string `substr` exists as a substring _multiple_ (2 or more) times in the given string `str`, otherwise it returns `false`.  
**NOTE:** All the instances of occurences of `substr` in the string `str` must be _non-overlapping_.

```
console.log(multipleSubstring('mississippi', 'iss'));
> true
console.log(multipleSubstring('mississippi', 'is'));
> true
console.log(multipleSubstring('banana', 'an'));
> true
console.log(multipleSubstring('banana', 'ana'));
> false
console.log(multipleSubstring('banana', 'anna'));
> false
```

## Problem 2

Complete the `contiguousMultipleSubstring(str, substr)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed two strings `str` and `substr`, and returns a boolean value based on the following condition. The function returns `true` if the string `substr` exists as a substring _multiple_ (2 or more) times **contiguously (i.e. side-by-side)** in the given string `str`, otherwise it returns `false`.  
**NOTE:** All the instances of occurences of `substr` in the string `str` must be _non-overlapping_.

```
console.log(contiguousMultipleSubstring('mississippi', 'iss'));
> true
console.log(contiguousMultipleSubstring('mississippi', 'is'));
> false
console.log(contiguousMultipleSubstring('banana', 'an'));
> true
console.log(contiguousMultipleSubstring('banana', 'ana'));
> false
console.log(contiguousMultipleSubstring('banana', 'anna'));
> false
```

## Problem 3

Complete the `formatDateTime(dateTimeString)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed a string argument `dateTimeString` which is an [ISO representation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date/toISOString) of date-time in the format `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssZ`. You task is to return another formatted date-time string in the format `HH:mm DD/M/YY` where `HH:mm` is a 24-hour time format.  
**NOTE:** You can use `substring()` function, but using `slice()` function is _not allowed_.

```
console.log(formatDateTime('2023-07-28T19:08:30.609Z'));
> 19:08 28/7/23
console.log(formatDateTime('2022-10-28T09:18:30.217Z'));
> 9:18 28/10/22
```

## Problem 4

Complete the `formatDateTime2(dateTimeString)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed a string argument `dateTimeString` which is an _ISO representation_ of date-time in the format `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.sssZ`. You task is to return another formatted date-time string in the format `hh:mm a DD/M/YY` where `hh:mm` is a 12-hour time format, and `a` represents an `AM` or `PM` marker.  
**NOTE:** You can use `slice()` function, but using `substring()` function is not allowed. Also, you can make use of negative indices for `slice()`, wherever reasonable.

```
console.log(formatDateTime2('2023-07-28T22:08:30.609Z'));
> 10:08 PM 28/7/23
console.log(formatDateTime2('2022-10-28T09:18:30.217Z'));
> 9:18 AM 28/10/22
```

## Problem 5

Complete the `uniqueConstWords(sentence)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed an english sentence, and it returns a string of all the unique words (comma-separated in alphabetical order) that end in a vowel.  
**NOTE:** Sorting is case-insensitive.  
**NOTE:** In case of duplicate word (again, duplication is case-insensitive), just include the first instance of occurring.

```
const sentence = '"To BE or not to be, that is THE question"  -  William Shakespeare';
console.log(uniqueConstWords(sentence));
> BE, Shakespeare, THE, To
```

## Submission
* The **deadline** for the submission of this assignment is **Aug 2, 2023 (Wed) 6:00pm**.
* You can submit the assignment by sending an email to:
  - [abhi@raj.me](mailto:abhi@raj.me)
  - Subject: **Assignment 15**
  - Attachement: The `index.js` file given above with your code written inside it.  
  **NOTE:** If you are getting the warning _"Blocked for security reasons"_ while attaching the JavaScript file, just rename the `index.js` file to `index.txt`, and send the text file (`index.txt`) as an attachment instead.
