## Assignment 12: Array Operations 2

Starter file: [index.js](./index.js)

## Problem 1
Complete the `reduceOdd(arr)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed an array `arr` and returns another array which contains all the _odd_ numbers in the array. The function should just use the JavaScript `reduce()` method.  
**NOTE:** Do not use `for` loop or `filter()` method for this problem, rather just use `reduce()` to achieve the result.  
**NOTE:** The original (passed) array must not be modified.

```
const arr = [5, 7, 19, 4, 28, 16, 3];
const arr2 = reduceOdd(arr);
console.log(arr2);
> [5, 7, 19, 3]
```

## Problem 2
Complete the `flatDeep(arr)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed an array `arr` and it returns a new array _flattened_ to _unlimited_ depth (i.e. all sub-array elements concatenated into it recursively up to _unlimited_ depth). You can use the JavaScript `flat()` method, but you must not pass any arguments to it, which means that using something like `flat(Infinity)` is not allowed.  
**NOTE:** The original (passed) array must not be modified.

```
const arr = [1, 2, [3, 4, [5, 6, [7, 8, [9, 10]]]]];
const arr2 = flatDeep(arr);
console.log(arr2);
> [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]
```

## Problem 3
Complete the `anyAllPair(arr)` function defined in the above starter file. The function takes an array of numbers and some _additional_ (0 or more) numbers as input and returns a _pair_ of boolean values. The _first_ boolean value is `true` if _any_ of the additional values exist in the passed array `arr`, otherwise the boolean value if `false`. The _second_ boolean value is `true` if _all_ of the additional values exist in the passed array `arr`, otherwise the boolean value if `false`.  
**NOTE:** The function `anyAllPair(arr)` is shown to have just one parameter `arr` passed currently. However, you can add additional parameter(s) in the function to get the additional values passed into the function.  

```
const arr = [5, 7, 16, 3];
const [a, b] = anyAllPair(arr, 7, 3, 5);
console.log(a, b)
> true true
const [c, d] = anyAllPair(arr, 8, 7, 3, 45);
console.log(c, d)
> true false
const [e, f] = anyAllPair(arr, 8, 17, 33, 45, 9);
console.log(e, f)
> false false
```

## Problem 4
Complete the `objectKeys(arr)` function defined in the above starter file. The function takes an array `arr` as input. Some of the elements in the array `arr` might be JavaScript objects. The function returns a string formatted as `x objects, y keys` where `x` is the total number of objects in the array, and `y` is the total number of keys in all the encountered objects _combined_.  
**NOTE:** The term `objects` or `keys` in the formatted string might in _singular_ (i.e. `object` or `key`), if the corresponding count is 1.  
**NOTE:** If the count is 0, use the _plural_ case (i.e. `objects` or `keys`)

```
const arr = [{ a: 5, b: 9, c: 15 }, 5, 19, null, { foo: 'bar' }, 'hello', {}];
console.log(objectKeys(arr));
> 3 objects, 4 keys
const arr2 = [5, {}, 19, []];
console.log(objectKeys(arr2));
> 1 object, 0 keys
```

## Submission
* The **deadline** for the submission of this assignment is **Jul 15, 2023 (Sat) 6:00pm**.
* You can submit the assignment by sending an email to:
  - [abhi@raj.me](mailto:abhi@raj.me)
  - Subject: **Assignment 12**
  - Attachement: The `index.js` file given above with your code written inside it. 
  **NOTE:** If you are getting the warning _"Blocked for security reasons"_ while attaching the JavaScript file, just rename the `index.js` file to `index.txt`, and send the text file (`index.txt`) as an attachment instead.
