## Assignment 11: Array Operations

Starter file: [index.js](./index.js)

## Problem 1
Complete the `rotateArray(arr, k)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed an array `arr` and a number `k`. The function _modifies_ the passed array such that the elements in the array are rotated in the _anti-clockwise_ direction by `k` elements.  
**NOTE:** The function does not return anything, rather it _modifies_ the original (passed) array.

```
let arr = [5, 7, 19, 4, 28, 16, 3];
rotateArray(arr, 3);
console.log(arr);
> [4, 28, 16, 3, 5, 7, 19]
```

## Problem 2
Complete the `rotateArray2(arr, k)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed an array `arr` and a number `k`, and the elements in the array are rotated in the **_clockwise_** direction by `k` elements. Also, it returns a new array, rather than modifying the original array.  
**NOTE:** The original (passed) array must not be modified.

```
let arr = [5, 7, 19, 4, 28, 16, 3];
let arr2 = rotateArray2(arr, 2);
console.log(arr2);
> [16, 3, 5, 7, 19, 4, 28]
console.log(arr);
> [5, 7, 19, 4, 28, 16, 3]
```

## Problem 3
Complete the `evenOddMarker(arr)` function defined in the above starter file. The function takes an array as input and returns an array of strings with marker `:even` or `:odd` concatenated to the even or odd numbers repectively in the provided array (_as shown below_). All the items in the array which are not numbers, should be removed in the final array.  
**NOTE:** Do not use `for` loop for this problem, rather use `map` and/or `filter` to achieve the result.  
**NOTE:** The original (passed) array must not be modified.

```
let arr = [6, true, 7, 19, 'foo', 0, -4, 23, {}];
console.log(evenOddMarker(arr));
> ['6:even', '7:odd', '19:odd', '0:even', '-4:even', '23:odd']
```

## Problem 4
Complete the `evenSum(arr)` function defined in the above starter file. The function takes an array as input and returns the sum of all the _even_ numbers in the provided array. If there are no even numbers in the provided array, then the function should return `0`.  
**NOTE:** Do not use `for` loop for this problem, rather use `reduce` to achieve the result.  
**NOTE:** The original (passed) array must not be modified.

```
let arr = [6, 7, 14, 'foo', 4, 23];
console.log(evenSum(arr));
> 24
```

## Submission
* The **deadline** for the submission of this assignment is **Jul 11, 2023 (Tue) 11:59pm**.
* You can submit the assignment by sending an email to:
  - [abhi@raj.me](mailto:abhi@raj.me)
  - Subject: **Assignment 11**
  - Attachement: The `index.js` file given above with your code written inside it. 
  **NOTE:** If you are getting the warning _"Blocked for security reasons"_ while attaching the JavaScript file, just rename the `index.js` file to `index.txt`, and send the text file (`index.txt`) as an attachment instead.
