## Assignment 14: Operations on objects

Starter file: [index.js](./index.js)

## Problem 1

Complete the `isKeyExists(obj, key)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed an object `obj` and a string `key`, and returns a boolean value based on the following condition. The function returns `true` if the provided `key` exists in the passed object `obj`, otherwise it returns `false`.  
**NOTE:** Using `Object.keys()` is not an optimal way to solve this question. So, use it only when you cannot come up with a better (efficient) approach..

```
const obj = { foo: 5, bar: undefined };
console.log(isKeyExists(obj, 'foo'));
// > true
console.log(isKeyExists(obj, 'bar'));
// > true
console.log(isKeyExists(obj, 'baz'));
// > false
```

## Problem 2

Complete the `renameKey(obj, currKey, newKey)` function defined in the above starter file. You need to rename the existing key `currKey` with another given key `newKey` in the provided object `obj`. The function should modify the passed object only if the renaming is successful, thereby returning `true`. However, if the renaming is not successful, the function should return `false` and the passed object `obj` must not be modified.  
In case of any error, proper _error message_ should be printed from within the function as shown in the below examples.

```
const obj = { foo: 5, bar: undefined };
console.log(renameKey(obj, 'foo', 'fox'));
> true
console.log(obj);
> { fox: 5, bar: undefined }

const obj = { foo: 5, bar: undefined };
console.log(renameKey(obj, 'foo', 'bar'));
> Can't rename! The key `bar` already exists
> false

const obj = { foo: 5, bar: undefined };
console.log(renameKey(obj, 'baz', 'foo'));
> Can't rename! The key `baz` doesn't exist
> Can't rename! The key `foo` already exists
> false
```

## Problem 3

Complete the `addKeyValue(obj, key, value)` function defined in the above starter file. You need to add the provided `key`-`value` pair passed in the function into the object `obj` which is also passed into the function. The function should modify the passed object only if the key-value pair addition is successful, thereby returning `true`. However, if the addition is not successful, the function should return `false` and the passed object `obj` must not be modified.  
In case of any error, proper _error message_ should be printed from within the function as shown in the below examples.

```
const obj = { foo: 5, bar: undefined };
console.log(addKeyValue(obj, 'baz', 'hello'));
> true
console.log(obj);
> { foo: 5, bar: undefined, baz: 'hello' }

const obj = { foo: 5, bar: undefined };
console.log(addKeyValue(obj, 'foo', 20));
> Can't add "key-value pair"! The key `foo` already exists
> false
```

## Problem 4

Complete the `addKeyValuePairs()` function defined in the above starter file. You need to add the provided `key`-`value` pairs passed in the function into the object `obj` which is also passed into the function. The function should modify the passed object only if the addition of _all_ key-value pairs is successful, thereby returning `true`. Otherwise, the function should return `false` and the passed object `obj` must not be modified.  
The first argument passed into the function is an object. From second argument onwards, each argument is a tuple (an array of length two) containing a key-value pair to be added to the provided object `obj`.  
In case of any error, proper _error message_ should be printed from within the function as shown in the below examples.

```
const obj = { foo: 5 };
addKeyValuePairs(obj, ['x', 10], ['y', 'hello']);
console.log(obj);
> { foo: 5, x: 10, y: 'hello' }

const obj = { foo: 5, bar: undefined };
addKeyValuePairs(obj, ['x', 10], ['bar', 20], ['foo', 'hello']);
console.log(obj);
> Can't add! The key `bar` already exists
> Can't add! The key `foo` already exists
> { foo: 5, bar: undefined }
```

## Problem 5

Fill in the blanks (`...`) in the function `overwriteKeyValuePair(obj, key, value)` defined in the above starter file. The provided `key`-`value` pair passed into the function should be _inserted_ (possibly overwriting a previously existing key) into the provided object and a new object should be returned from the function.  
**NOTE:** The original object `obj` passed into the function must not be modified.

```
function overwriteKeyValuePair(obj, key, value) {
  return {
    // ...
  };
}

const obj = { foo: 5, bar: 'hello' };
const obj2 = overwriteKeyValuePair(obj, 'foo', 20);
console.log(obj);
> { foo: 5, bar: 'hello' }
console.log(obj2);
> { foo: 20, bar: 'hello' }
```

## Problem 6

Complete the `nestedFreeze(obj)` function defined in the above starter file, such that the entire (_including nested structure_) object `obj` passed into the function must be _frozed_, i.e. it can no longer be modified.

```
const obj = { a: 5, b: { p: 10, q: { x: 15, y: 18 } }, c: 20 };
nestedFreeze(obj);
obj.a = 105;
obj.b.p = 110;
obj.b.q.x = 115;
obj.c = 120;
console.log(obj);
> { a: 5, b: { p: 10, q: { x: 15, y: 18 } }, c: 20 }
```

## Submission
* The **deadline** for the submission of this assignment is **Aug 2, 2023 (Wed) 6:00pm**.
* You can submit the assignment by sending an email to:
  - [abhi@raj.me](mailto:abhi@raj.me)
  - Subject: **Assignment 14**
  - Attachement: The `index.js` file given above with your code written inside it.  
  **NOTE:** If you are getting the warning _"Blocked for security reasons"_ while attaching the JavaScript file, just rename the `index.js` file to `index.txt`, and send the text file (`index.txt`) as an attachment instead.
