## Assignment 16: String Operations 2

Starter file: [index.js](./index.js)

## Problem 1

Complete the `numberStack(nums)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed an array of numbers `nums`, and prints the provided numbers with proper padding so that all the numbers are `decimal-aligned`, i.e. all decimals are in the same vertical line.  
Note that the padding on the left side of the decimal is determined by the number with maximum number of digits _before_ the decimal. Similarly, the padding on the right side of the decimal is determined by the number with maximum number of digits _after_ the decimal.  
**NOTE:** The padding before decimal (if any required) is done with _spaces_, and the padding after decimal (if any required) is done with _zeros_ (`0`s).

```
const nums = [5, 28.3, 16.8, 117, 79.5];
numberStack(nums);
//>   5.0
//>  28.3
//>  16.8
//> 117.0
//>  79.5

const nums2 = [5, 28.3, 16.85, 17, 79.5];
numberStack(nums2);
//>  5.00
//> 28.30
//> 16.85
//> 17.00
//> 79.50
```

## Problem 2

Complete the `toggleStringCase(str)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed a string `str`, and returns another string where all the letters in the string have their case reversed, i.e. lowercase letters are converted to uppercase letters and vice-versa.  
**NOTE:** You are not allowed to use `toLowerCase()` or `toUpperCase()` methods.  
**Hint:** Transform using character codes.

```
console.log(toggleStringCase('eBay'));
//> EbAY
console.log(toggleStringCase('FedEx'));
//> fEDeX
console.log(toggleStringCase('Coca-Cola'));
//> cOCA-cOLA
console.log(toggleStringCase('Yahoo!'));
//> yAHOO!
```

## Problem 3

Complete the `maskCreditCard(card)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed a string `card`, and returns another string where all the numbers in the string (except last 4 numbers) are masked (i.e. replaced with character `x`).  
**NOTE:** You can assume that the passed `card` string must be a **19-character** string in a particular format as shown: `'1234-2345-3456-6789'`, i.e. 4 sets of 4 numbers each and each set separated by an hyphen (`-`).  
**NOTE:** If the string passed to the function does not adhere to the above mentioned format, you must return `null` in that case, otherwise return the valid _masked_ string.

```
console.log(maskCreditCard('1234-2345-3456-6789'));
//> xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-6789
console.log(maskCreditCard('2345-3456-1234-7890'));
//> xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-7890
console.log(maskCreditCard('1234-hola-3456-6789'));
//> null
console.log(maskCreditCard('1234-3456-6789'));
//> null
console.log(maskCreditCard('1234234534566789'));
//> null
```

## Problem 4

Complete the `firstMatchLastIndex(str)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed a string `str` which is expected to contain one of the _greeting_ strings: `hello`, `namaste`, or `hola` (case-insensitive). You need to return the index of the last chacacter of the first matching (case-insensitive) greeting word found in the passed string. In case, there is no (above mentioned) greeting words are found, then the function should return `-1`.

```
console.log(firstMatchLastIndex('Hey, Hello there!'));
//> 9
console.log(firstMatchLastIndex('Hey, hola, how are things?'));
//> 8
console.log(firstMatchLastIndex('Namaste, Hello mister!'));
//> 6
console.log(firstMatchLastIndex('Ola! How are you doing today?'));
//> -1
```

## Problem 5

Complete the `extractNumbers(str)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed a string `str` which might contain one or more numbers in it. You are expected to extract all the numbers present in the provided string, and return a comma-separated list of them as a string. If there are no numbers in the provided string, then return `null`.

```
console.log(extractNumbers('I have 10 or 20 cookies.'));
// > 10, 20
console.log(extractNumbers('I had Mojito91 that night!'));
// > 91
console.log(extractNumbers('I have coffee every night.'));
// > null
```

## Problem 6

Complete the `countItems(str)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed a string `str` which contains some _count_ followed by a corresponding _item name_. Your task is to return a string containing all such matching patterns (each in a separate line) where each pattern is "some number followed by an item name".  
**NOTE:** If there are no such patterns, the program should return `null`.  
**NOTE:** A _pattern_ means a _complete pattern_, for example just some number without any item name after it, is **not** a pattern.  
**NOTE:** You can assume that an item name is just a single word containing just the alphabets `a-z` (case-insensitive).

```
console.log(countItems('I have 10 cookies.'));
//> 10 cookies
console.log(countItems('I had 10 cookies and 15 muffins.'));
//> 10 cookies
//> 15 muffins
console.log(countItems('I have a count of 20.'));
//> null
console.log(countItems('I had 10 cookies, 15 muffins, and another 8 cookies.'));
//> 10 cookies
//> 15 muffins
//> 8 cookies
```

## Problem 7

Complete the `countItems2(str)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is just a variation of the previous problem (_Problem 6_) where in case you find multiple count instances of the same item, then you _add_ them together, and just account for a single instance/line for that item.  
**NOTE:** Apart from other assumptions mentioned before, you can additionally assume that in this case, all the item names will consist of _lowercase alphabets_ only.

```
console.log(countItems2('I had 10 cookies, 15 muffins, and another 8 cookies.'));
//> 18 cookies
//> 15 muffins
console.log(countItems2('I had 0 cookies, 15 muffins, and another 8 cookies.'));
// > 8 cookies
// > 15 muffins
console.log(countItems2('I had 10 cookies and 15 muffins.'));
// > 10 cookies
// > 15 muffins
console.log(countItems2('I have a count of 20.'));
// > null
```

## Problem 8

Complete the `countHello(str)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed a string `str` which might contain one or more instances of the pattern `hel+o`, which is a variation of the word `hello` where nummber of `l`s might be 1 or more. So, `helo`, `hello`, `helllo`, etc. are all valid. Apart from that, the match is case-insensitive. So, `Helo`, `HELLO`, etc. are all fine. Your task is to replace each occurence of the above pattern in the provided string, with the same instance followed by the number of `l`s found in that occurence of the pattern. For mora clarity, carefully study the following examples.

```
console.log(countHello('hey helo and Hello!'));
//> hey helo1 and Hello2!
console.log(countHello('Hey Helllo there! helo and HELLO..'));
//> Hey Helllo3 there! helo1 and HELLO2..
```

## Problem 9

Complete the `sortHello(str)` function defined in the above starter file. This is a variation of the previous problem (`Problem 8`). The function is passed a string `str` which contains the same pattern mention in the previous problem. However, in this case, your task is to sort the occurences of the pattern _inside_ the provided string, based on the count of `l`s found in the pattern.  
**NOTE:** Note that only the patterns are sorted, the rest of the string remains as it is.

```
console.log(sortHello('Hey Helllo there! helo and HELLO..'));
//> Hey helo there! HELLO and Helllo..
console.log(sortHello('Hey Hello and helo!'));
//> Hey helo and Hello!
console.log(sortHello('Hey helo and Hello!'));
//> Hey helo and Hello!
```

## Submission
* The **deadline** for the submission of this assignment is **Aug 5, 2023 (Sat) 10:00am**.
* You can submit the assignment by sending an email to:
  - [abhi@raj.me](mailto:abhi@raj.me)
  - Subject: **Assignment 16**
  - Attachement: The `index.js` file given above with your code written inside it.  
  **NOTE:** If you are getting the warning _"Blocked for security reasons"_ while attaching the JavaScript file, just rename the `index.js` file to `index.txt`, and send the text file (`index.txt`) as an attachment instead.
