## Assignment 9: Handling Arrays

Starter file: [index.js](./index.js)

## Problem 1
Complete the `divBy3List(arr)` function defined in the above starter file which prints all the numbers in a given array `arr` which are divisible by 3. Print all the items, each separated by a comma (`,`).

```
divBy3List([2, 7, 9, 16, 18, 3, 5, 21]):
9, 18, 3, 21
```

## Problem 2
Complete the `getStringList(arr)` function defined in the above starter file which returns a list of all the strings in a given array `arr` passed to the function. The returned string must be present at the top-level in the array as a string. This means that you don't need to check for any string at a nested/deeper level inside an array or an object, etc. present in the array.

```
getStringList(['foo', 5, 'bar', true, null, ['hello'], 12.6, { 'my-num': 15 }]):
> returns ['foo', 'bar']
```

## Problem 3
Complete the `getRepeatedKeys(arr)` function defined in the above starter file. The input to the function is an array of objects, each containing exactly one key-value pair. Your task is to return a list of keys, where the same key has *different* values corresponding to it in some of the objects in the provided array.

```
const arr = [{a: 5}, {b: '5'}, {c: 'foo'}, {a: 5}, {b: 5}, {c: 10}, {d: 16.2}]
getRepeatedKeys(arr):
> returns ['b', 'c']
```

## Submission
* The **deadline** for the submission of this assignment is **Jul 4, 2023 (Tue) 11:59pm**.
* You can submit the assignment by sending an email to:
  - [abhi@raj.me](mailto:abhi@raj.me)
  - Subject: **Assignment 9**
  - Attachement: The `index.js` file given above with your code written inside it. 
  **NOTE:** If you are getting the warning _"Blocked for security reasons"_ while attaching the JavaScript file, just rename the `index.js` file to `index.txt`, and send the text file (`index.txt`) as an attachment instead.
