## Assignment 10: Handling Objects

Starter file: [index.js](./index.js)

## Problem 1
Complete the `collapseObject(obj)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed an object `obj` in which all the keys contain two parts separated by an hyphen (`-`), and all corresponding values are numbers. Your task is to return a _collapsed_ object where all keys whose first part matches are collapsed (_as noted below_) and all the values corrsponding to the collapsed keys are added together.  
**NOTE:** The second part of all the collapsed keys are _concatenated_ together.  
**NOTE:** The original (passed) object must not be modified.

```
collapseObject({ 'foo-1': 5, 'bar-x': -10, 'foo-2': 10, 'a-foo': 2, 'a-2': 99 }):
> returns { 'foo-12': 15, 'bar-x': -10, 'a-foo2': 101 }

collapseObject({ 'foo-1': 5, 'bar-x': 20, 'foo-2': 10, 'foo-x': 15 }):
> returns { 'foo-12x': 30, 'bar-x': 20 }
```

## Problem 2
Complete the `lowerCaseObject(obj)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed an object `obj`. Your task is to return an object such that the keys in the returned object are all in lower-case. In case of conflicting keys, use the value which occurs _first_.  
**NOTE:** The original (passed) object must not be modified.

```
lowerCaseObject({ Foo: 5, foo: 7, BAR: 17, FOO: 9, Bar: 'hello' }):
> returns { foo: 5, bar: 17 }
```

## Problem 3
Complete the `lowerCaseObject2(obj)` function defined in the above starter file, which behaves exactly same as the `lowerCaseObject()` function defined in **Problem 2**, except that in case of conflicting keys, use the value which occurs _last_.  
**NOTE:** The original (passed) object must not be modified.

```
lowerCaseObject2({ Foo: 5, foo: 7, BAR: 17, FOO: 9, Bar: 'hello' }):
> returns { foo: 9, bar: 'hello' }
```

## Submission
* The **deadline** for the submission of this assignment is **Jul 7, 2023 (Fri) 11:59pm**.
* You can submit the assignment by sending an email to:
  - [abhi@raj.me](mailto:abhi@raj.me)
  - Subject: **Assignment 10**
  - Attachement: The `index.js` file given above with your code written inside it. 
  **NOTE:** If you are getting the warning _"Blocked for security reasons"_ while attaching the JavaScript file, just rename the `index.js` file to `index.txt`, and send the text file (`index.txt`) as an attachment instead.
