## Assignment 13: Array Operations 3

Starter file: [index.js](./index.js)

## Problem 1
Complete the `weirdReduce(arr)` function defined in the above starter file. The function is passed an array `arr` of _numbers_ and returns a string or an array based on the following condition. If the last element in the input array is even, then a comma-separated string of all even numbers in the array is returned. However, if the last element in the input array is odd, then another array containing just the even numbers is returned.  
**NOTE:** Do not use `for` loop or `filter()` method for this problem, rather just use `reduce()` to achieve the result.  
**NOTE:** You must use a single (not multiple) `reduce()` statement.

```
const ret1 = weirdReduce([5, 7, 4, 19, 28, 16, 3]);
console.log(ret1);  // [ 4, 28, 16 ]

const ret2 = weirdReduce([5, 7, 4, 19, 28, 16, 3, 8]);
console.log(ret2);  // '4,28,16,8'

const ret3 = weirdReduce([5, 7, 4, 19, 28, 16, 8, 9]);
console.log(ret3);  // [ 4, 28, 16, 8]
```

## Problem 2
The `blackBox(arr)` function definition is already provided in the above starter file. You need to fill in the _blank_ (`...`) with an array value such that first and second values printed on the console are `true` and `10` respectively.

```
function blackBox(arr) {
  const arr1 = arr;
  const arr2 = [];

  arr1.forEach(val => arr2.push(val));
  for (const val of arr1) { arr2.push(val) }

  const a = arr1.length === arr2.length;
  const b = arr1.length + arr2.length;
  return [a, b];
}

const arr = ...
const [x, y] = blackBox(arr);
console.log(x);  // true
console.log(y);  // 10
```

## Submission
* The **deadline** for the submission of this assignment is **Aug 1, 2023 (Tue) 6:00pm**.
* You can submit the assignment by sending an email to:
  - [abhi@raj.me](mailto:abhi@raj.me)
  - Subject: **Assignment 13**
  - Attachement: The `index.js` file given above with your code written inside it. 
  **NOTE:** If you are getting the warning _"Blocked for security reasons"_ while attaching the JavaScript file, just rename the `index.js` file to `index.txt`, and send the text file (`index.txt`) as an attachment instead.
